runningSpecificCases.md, before:

The files T1.pdf, T2.pdf, and T3.pdf are in this folder.

Versions of the key libraries:
NetworkX 2.2
matplotlib 3.0.2
pandas 0.23.1

In case of Python errors, try to go back to these versions. E.g., using pip in the form

pip uninstall specificLib && pip install specificLib==versionNumber
(or pip -> pip3)

e.g.,

pip uninstall matplotlib && pip install matplotlib==3.0.2


**To run the experiments of the cases *0a* and *0b***
Please use the Oligopoly code version ???????????? V5 or V5bP2_fd, running the project with SLAPP 2.0,
which is at [https://github.com/terna/SLAPP2](https://github.com/terna/SLAPP2) and controlling that the parameters are those of rows 1 and 2 of Tables T1.pdf and T2.pdf here. Considering the SMAC (Simple Market Aggregate Clearing mechanism)  version of the *oligopoly* project, the *startHayekianMarket* parameter is not used, while in the Table T2.pdf is set to 51 by default.

To set the correct parameters, for the cases *0a* and *0b** we can simply modify the parameter absoluteBarrierToBecomeEntrepreneur in row 123 of the file commonVar.py of the above releases of Oligopoly, setting it to 20 (case *0a*) or 0 (case *0b*).

**To run the experiments of the cases from *1* to *6*)**

* delete the file schedule.xls;
* duplicate the file **schedule5.xls**;
* rename the result as schedule.xls.

*For each specific experiment*:
* delete the files commonVar.py,  workers.txtx, entrepreneurs.txt (if any), entrepreneurs.txtx (if any);

* for case *X*, duplicate the files commonVar.py.caseX, workers.txtx.caseX, entrepreneurs.txt.caseX or entrepreneurs.txtx.caseX ;

* rename the results as commonVar.py,  workers.txtx, entrepreneurs.txt or entrepreneurs.txtx.

**To run the experiments of the cases *7* and *7b***
* delete the file schedule.xls;
* duplicate the file **schedule6.xls.backwardCompatibily**;
* rename the result as schedule.xls.

The experiments from *1* to *6* also run without the modifications above, but producing slightly different results.

*For each specific experiment*:
* delete the files commonVar.py,  workers.txtx, entrepreneurs.txt (if any), entrepreneurs.txtx (if any);

* for case *X*, duplicate the files commonVar.py.caseX, workers.txtx.caseX, entrepreneurs.txt.caseX or entrepreneurs.txtx.caseX ;

* rename the results as commonVar.py,  workers.txtx, entrepreneurs.txt or entrepreneurs.txtx.

**To run the experiments of the cases from *8* upwards**

If we made the modifications above:
* delete the file schedule.xls;
* duplicate the file schedule6.xls;
* rename the result as schedule.xls.

*For each specific experiment*:
* delete the files commonVar.py,  workers.txtx, entrepreneurs.txt (if any), entrepreneurs.txtx (if any);

* for case *X*, duplicate the files commonVar.py.caseX, workers.txtx.caseX, entrepreneurs.txt.caseX or entrepreneurs.txtx.caseX ;

* rename the results as commonVar.py,  workers.txtx, entrepreneurs.txt or entrepreneurs.txtx.

Commit message:

case2 confirmed and running ---.md improved

runningSpecificCases.md, after:


Versions of the key libraries:
NetworkX 2.2
matplotlib 3.0.2
pandas 0.23.1

In case of Python errors, try to go back to these versions. E.g., using pip in the form

pip uninstall specificLib && pip install specificLib==versionNumber
(or pip -> pip3)

e.g.,

pip uninstall matplotlib && pip install matplotlib==3.0.2


**To run the experiments of the cases *0a* and *0b***
Please use the Oligopoly code version ???????????? V5 or V5bP2_fd, running the project with SLAPP 2.0,
which is at [https://github.com/terna/SLAPP2](https://github.com/terna/SLAPP2) and controlling that the parameters are those of rows 1 and 2 of Tables T1.pdf and T2.pdf here. Considering the SMAC (Simple Market Aggregate Clearing mechanism)  version of the *oligopoly* project, the *startHayekianMarket* parameter is not used, while in the Table T2.pdf is set to 51 by default.

To set the correct parameters, for the cases *0a* and *0b** we can simply modify the parameter absoluteBarrierToBecomeEntrepreneur in row 123 of the file commonVar.py of the above releases of Oligopoly, setting it to 20 (case *0a*) or 0 (case *0b*).

**To run the experiments of the cases from *1* to *6*)**

* delete the file schedule.xls;
* duplicate the file **schedule5.xls**;
* rename the result as schedule.xls.

*For each specific experiment*:
* delete the files commonVar.py,  workers.txtx, entrepreneurs.txt (if any), entrepreneurs.txtx (if any);

* for case *X*, duplicate the files commonVar.py.caseX, workers.txtx.caseX, entrepreneurs.txt.caseX or entrepreneurs.txtx.caseX ;

* rename the results as commonVar.py,  workers.txtx, entrepreneurs.txt or entrepreneurs.txtx.

**To run the experiments of the cases *7* and *7b***
* delete the file schedule.xls;
* duplicate the file **schedule6.xls.backwardCompatibily**;
* rename the result as schedule.xls.

The experiments from *1* to *6* also run without the modifications above, but producing slightly different results.

*For each specific experiment*:
* delete the files commonVar.py,  workers.txtx, entrepreneurs.txt (if any), entrepreneurs.txtx (if any);

* for case *X*, duplicate the files commonVar.py.caseX, workers.txtx.caseX, entrepreneurs.txt.caseX or entrepreneurs.txtx.caseX ;

* rename the results as commonVar.py,  workers.txtx, entrepreneurs.txt or entrepreneurs.txtx.

**To run the experiments of the cases from *8* upwards**

If we made the modifications above:
* delete the file schedule.xls;
* duplicate the file schedule6.xls;
* rename the result as schedule.xls.

*For each specific experiment*:
* delete the files commonVar.py,  workers.txtx, entrepreneurs.txt (if any), entrepreneurs.txtx (if any);

* for case *X*, duplicate the files commonVar.py.caseX, workers.txtx.caseX, entrepreneurs.txt.caseX or entrepreneurs.txtx.caseX ;

* rename the results as commonVar.py,  workers.txtx, entrepreneurs.txt or entrepreneurs.txtx.

==========

The parameters of the different cases, contained into the *commonVar.py.caseX* files, are also reported in the tables of the files *T1.pdf* and *T2.pdf*.

The values to be introduced interactively for each case, if any, are reported in the table of the file *T3.pdf*.

The files T1.pdf, T2.pdf, and T3.pdf are in this folder.
